= VistaRPC4r
VistaRPC4r provides a Ruby interface to the Veterans Administration's almost opensource electronic health record called VistA.
The VistA architecture is old school client/server.  The typical client is a Windows based GUI.  The typical server is an Linux or Windows based server.  The server is primarily written in MUMPS or M.  
VistA provides an RPC-style interface to its core functions using TCP sockets and a custom message format
VistaRPC4r implements the socket layer and message format and provides methods which can initiate RPC requests and returns the RPC output.
The VistA server requires each connection to have a username/password authentication.  

This gem has been tested with Medsphere's OpenVista server distribution.

Future topics for this document
* More detail on how to use
* Detailed examples
* links to more information

== Contributing to vistarpc4r
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Mike Cham. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

